Problem: (fix #64)Missing docs for nitro-enclave tmkms (#65)
crypto-com/chain-docs: docs/getting-started/notes-on-production-deployment.md

Install generic tmkms with the [cargo install command](https://github.com/iqlusioninc/tmkms/blob/develop/README.md#installing-with-the-cargo-install-command)
```bash
cargo install tmkms --features=softsign
```
#### Step 5.2. Generate a new validator signing key
```bash
tmkms softsign keygen -t consensus signing.key
```
#### Step 5.3. Encrypt the validator signing key
```bash
aws kms encrypt --key-id "<AWS KMS KEY ARN>" \
--plaintext fileb://signing.key \
--query CiphertextBlob \
--output text \
--region <YOUR_KMS_REGION> > ciphertext
```
Take a note of the **encrypted validator signing key** from `ciphertext`

#### Step 5.4. Obtain the consensus / validator public key
If you plan to run the tmkms enclave without debug mode, you will not able to access to the tmkms log. Normally, you shall obtain the `consensus / validator public key` from the tmkms log. Therefore, before running the tmkms enclave, you shall obtain the consensus / validator public key in advance from the local or trusted machine where you also keep the generated `signing.key`.

```bash
curl https://raw.githubusercontent.com/crypto-com/chain-docs/master/docs/resources/obtain-tmkms-consensus-key.sh -s | bash
```

> Take a note of the **consensus / validator public key** `tcrocnclconspub....` for joining validator later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Take a note of the **consensus / validator public key** with the prefix `tcrocnclconspub....` for joining the network as a validator later.
```

```
One should adjust the port in the script if set differently in `tmkms.toml`

Create the script `run_nitro_enclave_tmkms.sh` under `~/.tmkms` directory

#### Step 8.2. Create systemd service for TMKMS enclave

```toml
[Unit]
Description=Tendermint KMS
ConditionPathExists=/home/ec2-user/.tmkms/tmkms.eif
After=network.target

[Service]
Type=simple
User=ec2-user
Group=ec2-user
LimitNOFILE=1024

Restart=on-failure
RestartSec=10

WorkingDirectory=/home/ec2-user/.tmkms

# make sure log directory exists
PermissionsStartOnly=true

ExecStartPre=/bin/mkdir -p /home/ec2-user/sockets
ExecStartPre=/bin/chown ec2-user:ec2-user /home/ec2-user/sockets
ExecStart=/home/ec2-user/.tmkms/run_nitro_enclave_tmkms.sh

[Install]
WantedBy=multi-user.target
```
One should adjust the path in the systemd file if set different paths for the binary and script.

Create `/lib/systemd/system/tmkms.service` and run the service

```bash
sudo systemctl daemon-reload
sudo systemctl enable tmkms.service
sudo systemctl start tmkms.service
```

### Step 9. Running chain-maind

One should follow the same steps in [Croeseid Testnet: Running Nodes](./croeseid-testnet.md)

> Except one last thing one need to further configure `~/.chain-maind/config/config.toml` to enable enclave tmkm to sign.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Except for one last thing one needs to further configure `~/.chain-maind/config/config.toml` to enable enclave tmkm to sign.
```
